The Joe Rogan.
Experience, you know, you look at, uh,
I don't know if you've been paying attention to what these senators did.
Uh there's uh, some senators,
they had a behind closed doors meeting about the coronavirus
and China and what it could meet at the United States and, you know,
the various impacts. And they went out and sold their stuff immediately, dude,
and then, but, but at the same time,
they were talking about how under control the government had it and how we're
prepared and how it's gonna be fine. And meanwhile, they knew,
they knew, so they had two faces,
they had a public face that they were given to us to try to keep us calm.
And then they had a private,
which realized that the stock market was gonna take a huge loss.
And so they sold everything and made immense profits based on the information
that they found out from these closed door meetings about the coronavirus,
how are they supposed to, how.
Is that legal? How are they supposed to handle though? Out of like legally,
what are they supposed to do? What that makes confusing.
I, I don't know what constitutes insider trading. How does that work?
Do you understand how that works?
Like if you have information that can allow you to make money well,
isn't that like what everyone's trying to do? Like if like,
what is the point of playing the stock market? If you don't know things,
and if you do know things,
if you know more because you know the guy who's the president and he tells you
something about something they're gonna do and you're not supposed to trade then
because of that information, like, all right. Okay.
I I'm sure there's a logic to it. I'm a moron. Don't run it by me.
But if that's insider trading, well, what is it? What the senators do.
If they knew that the coronavirus was gonna wreck our economy,
if they knew that it was coming down, like a storm of hail,
that no one could stop. If they knew,
and then they bailed out and made immense profits,
that seems so 80. Yeah.
It seems so shady that they didn't advise people like you're supposed to be a
leader, right? If you're in a position, an elected representative,
you're supposed to be acting in the position of a leader.
And if your way to lead is tell people one thing,
but act in a completely different direction,
tell people everything's gonna be fine,
but then start selling your stock at a profit.
And you don't tell other people to do it because you're worried that maybe that
information's gonna cause some ripple effect and it's gonna destroy the economy.
Even before the coronavirus hits just outta a panic and fear and people are
gonna act wrong, but you acted in a different way than the way you were talking.
You acted like this was gonna be real.
You acted like there's gonna be a real problem. And,
and then the question is like,
how much of a problem did they think it was gonna be?
Maybe they dumped their stock. They thought it was gonna be a little problem.
Would that be okay? Well, but if they found out it was gonna be a huge problem,
then it's not, well, that seems weird to me too. Like,
I don't know what should the rules be with information? And the stock market,
the stock market is gross. Like it's gross. The whole thing's gross.
Like what are we basing our economy on this madness? So.
I saw an article where, um,
the photographer who took that photo was like, ah, he was like, oh,
it's so sad that people are using his image that way. Um,
because you know, he passed away and, and I, you know, he,
he thought it was kind of offensive that he was being used to,
to prank or whatever. And he said, you know, I, I,
I saw that people started selling merch with this guy's face on it. And he goes,
I just wish he goes, I own the photograph.
And I'm not trying to come after me when I just wish they share proceeds of that
merch with the family. So I saw that and I was like, oh, I wanna do that.
So I launched a shirt with that. Guy's face on it that says,
wash your hands. <laugh> And then,
And then I go, Ugh, I go, I wanna give the proceeds to this man's family.
So cuz of that article, I reached out to people.
I was able to get in touch with the photographer, the guy who took that picture.
And then I found, I got in touch with his, the, the,
the models, uh, fiance, who, you know, his ex I mean,
whatever. Right. He passed away. So anyways, I contacted her, I found her,
I've learned a little bit about this guy in that photo and I'm giving them the
proceeds from, uh, the shirt sales, all of them,
all the prophets will go to them. And I also found that, uh, when he,
when he died, like the family wasn't, um,
prepared like financially for anything.
So they had to set up a GoFundMe for his funeral and tombstone and all that.
So I'm, I I'm gonna blast it out and I talk to them. Oh, beautiful.
They're happy with it. So that's my breaking. News' awesome.
That's the breaking news. That's.
The break. That's important news. Jamie told me as not really as big.
I didn't get into that with her. I, um, Jamie.
Said that it's photoshopped.
I've heard that as well. I've seen, I saw the original.
Blog post that came from you. Did let's see what the original hog was. I don't,
I'll have to find it now.
Long, but oh, please don't tell me, that's gonna take a while.
Did you pull that up? Someone on Twitter.
I saw it on Twitter. Someone let's see the original hog please. Uh,
I didn didn't Google it. So like I have to find the link, like just Google,
original, big penis guys on I'm. Sure. That'll come.
That's how you find that Joe. <laugh>.
There's gonna be a lot of photos that come up.
Show me the original black Dick <laugh>. Um pat<inaudible>. Yeah,
but she, uh, it was funny. She was like, you know,
what was crazy is when I reached out,
I found it took me like I was doing like detective work. Right. You know,
to find her. And she was like, I found out of about this meme today.
She was like, I didn't even know this was a thing.
How did she find, oh, people probably not sending it to her.
I think so. Yeah. Cause, and then someone was like, Hey,
have you checked out your neighborhood?
Funny? Remember your dead husband hill O.
Well, yeah. So no. Yeah, yeah. Uh, but anyways, yeah. Oh.
Well, first of, of all she's engaged to a porn star. That's.
Gotta be weird. No, but she wasn't, she wasn't. No, she explained to me,
she goes, you know, he was, she goes,
he did those photos when it was a really bad time in his life.
He needed money to save the house that he grew up in. That was his now.
Oh. So he just started sling that big Dick. Yeah.
Started sling that Dick around. And uh,
how much money can you make sling Dick as a dude though?
I think if you iunno 50 bucks. No, I think you can get more than that.
I think they make much money,
but we've never been in a situation where everybody's scared of one disease.
It's so strange, man. It's so strange.
And I don't think I could be able to get pat that and just do a show right now.
I'm 90% sure they're gonna cancel it. I mean, the,
the stuff that they're coming up with for treatment,
one of them is a malaria disease, an old malaria disease. Um,
there's some other different treatments that hold hope. And,
but there's so many people, man, that could get infected.
If you've got a show of 12,000, 13,000 people, whatever it is,
how the are you gonna make sure those people are okay?
Is it your responsibility? Do you say, come at your own risk? You know? I mean,
what if you get it when you're there? Like what, what are we doing?
What are we doing? You know? I mean the whole thing's crazy.
It's I think it's gonna be a long time before we feel comfortable doing shows
again. It's strange at first, you know, but I also think, uh,
when the dust settles, it will settle. Hopefully,
unless this is the first thing that falls.
And then all those other things fall into place that we talked about,
like natural disasters. We're gonna appreciate peace.
We're gonna appreciate freedom. You're gonna appreciate being a roam around.
Do whatever you want. Go out of three o'clock at night. You're gonna,
you're gonna appreciate it.
You're gonna appreciate being able to go to a diner and, uh,
have breakfast with your friend at two o'clock in the morning and laugh.
You're gonna appreciate it. Cars on the street, everybody acting normal.
It's gonna mean more to you now. It's like the sun after a rainy day,
it means more, it feels better, has more of an impact.
And I think we've gone through a long,
long stretch in this country where everything was static.
Everything was doing fairly well. We were on an upward trend,
no real tragedy, national nationally,
that changed the way we live our life other than September 11th.
So we got like September 11th and then all these years of war, of course, crime,
of course all these, but we're basically a business as usual for most folks,
not anymore. This is a wake up call.
There's a wake up call that you have a finite amount of time in this life
and this life, the way you're experiencing it right now,
it's this is just how it is right now.
There's a million different factors that are in play constantly.
And you've been real lucky that you've had this stretch of peace and harmony
<affirmative>, but that could change at any moment. It really could.
And we gotta use this time to be nicer to each other. We gotta use this time to,
to realize that we got, we got a little confused. We got crazy. You know,
everybody's just trying to acquire things and everybody's trying to, you know,
move their way up the corporate ladder. Like, Hey, there's,
there's a end of this ride. Okay. This ride comes to a stop someday.
And it doesn't matter how much you've acquired. It doesn't matter.
You know how far you got up this ladder? You know, what,
what position of prominence you have in the community and, uh,
how you're respected by the business world. Nobody gives a when you're dead.
It's not, you're gonna die. We are together right now,
experiencing this thing in this like really distracted way.
The thing comes into focus when you're forced into a situation like,
like we are now where you literally are nervous about your survival,
then the thing comes in to focus.
And he only brought in tools to make tools and the big
tools like that. He made all of himself. That's.
Amazing. And what, what, what did he live on? Just deer meat. I mean, yeah.
Elk, meat, deer, meat, berries. He got some oatmeal stuff. You know,
some dry goods that he would, uh, he would get in barrels.
So, so he'd come in and touch base periodically.
They would come to him. People would fly out to him with goods, God, but I mean,
he built all this by himself.
He built his whole cabin by himself and he documented every step of the way.
Amazing.
His name is Prene P R O E N N E K E.
Dick preneke alone in the ness is the whole series on YouTube.
And he's on the side of a lake with this,
this cabin that he built living off of animals that he hunted
and firewood and you know, whatever food that he gathered.
I'm I'm obsessed with this now. Yeah.
Cause I got this Corona thing caught me with my pants down. Yeah.
I want here's what I want. I want a,
I want a substantial cabin made of thick logs or stone and then
I want it near a lake or a water source. Maybe preferably a, a, well, yeah,
that I can. Iregate my own crops.
You gonna have crops. I'm gonna have chicken.
I need chickens.
You really only need a garden. You don't need crops. I.
You, I garden. Is it just you? Yes. Well, it might be me and my, my several,
several of my friends, lady, friends, my lady friends,
because I'm gonna start my own colony. So I have to breed. Mm you understand?
Okay. And I need, I need a lot of hair and uh, beard dye.
Cause I wanna stay looking young. What.
If they come up with something that reverses you in age now you're talking my.
Language. How old would you David Sinclair actually have a cabin on the side.
<laugh> he'd be right next to.
You doing experiments. Yeah. I'm.
Gonna have his lab and I'm gonna be his skinny pig. Yeah. You'd.
Be the guy. Yeah.
David come out, come on out. And I'll justentice him just out. I'llice him.
With all the girls he'd come well, he's not into that. He's a married man.
Leave him alone. All right.
But he'd like to come out just to hang out and Andal round for a few days.
He's a fun guy. He's a, he seems like a good.
Guy. He's a great guy.
Yeah. And he's brilliant. Yes. And he's brilliant in the field.
That's very important. He's what do.
You mean? You're getting old.
That's right? Yeah. That's right.
You wanna be Dick preneky where you had to escape your,
your wilderness paradise again.
Again, I, again, cause you're too old. There are a couple things.
One more thing I wanna do is I wanna split with,
with my shirt off while I have women watch me through the window of my log cabin
as they're baking me a pie. Now I know this is a showveistic fantasy.
It sounds like it don't worry. You sound like a real piece of. Right.
Then the other.
Thing I wanna do before I die is I want to have a horse I'm so attached to it
that I can go. And, and then it just shows up. Oh.
So sort of like Brad Pitt's.
Pit bull in once upon a time in Hollywood, correct. I'd kill for one of those.
That pit bull was perfect. That was great. That thing just,
that knew what to do when to do it. Yeah.
Thank.